Added documentation for paginated orders (#399)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

In this release, we introduced the In-Stock Alert feature. When this feature is enabled on your backend (Magento 1 and 2), it will by default render a new component `SubscribeToInStockAlert` inside the existing `OutOfStock` component.

### Paginated orders

> In this release we added pagination for orders. In the process, the old method of retrieving orders (GraphQL schema and loaders) has been deprecated, and will eventually be removed in FC version 3.0.0 .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release we added pagination for orders. In the process, the `orders` GraphQL field used to retrieve orders has been deprecated and will eventually be removed in FC version 3.0.0. `orderList` should now be used instead.
```

> If you had overriden the `Orders` (`theme/pages/Account/Orders/Orders.js`) component, you might want to update it to use the new GraphQL schema and add a pagination component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had overriden the `Orders` (`theme/pages/Account/Orders/Orders.js`) component, you might want to update it to use the new GraphQL field and add a pagination component.
```
